Drop `dart:html` from readme (#54775)
dart-lang/sdk: sdk/api_readme.md

  * [dart:core](dart-core/dart-core-library.html): Core functionality such as
    strings, numbers, collections, errors, dates, and URIs.
  * [dart:io](dart-io/dart-io-library.html): I/O for non-web apps.

>   * [dart:js_interop](dart-js_interop/dart-js_interop-library.html)
>     and [package:web](https://pub.dev/documentation/web):
>     Web interop features and API bindings for accessing JavaScript and web libraries.

Author: ```suggestion
  * [dart:async](dart-async/dart-async-library.html): Functionality for
    asynchronous programming with Futures, Streams, and Zones.
    
You'll also find reference documentation covering Dart's various interop options,
such as:

  * [dart:js_interop](dart-js_interop/dart-js_interop-library.html): Library including
    a sound type hierarchy and helper functions for interoping with JavaScript.
  * [package:web](https://pub.dev/documentation/web): DOM manipulation for web apps.
  * [dart:ffi](dart-ffi/dart-ffi-library.html): Foreign funtion interfaces for
    interoping with the C language.
```

  * [dart:core](dart-core/dart-core-library.html): Core functionality such as
    strings, numbers, collections, errors, dates, and URIs.
  * [dart:io](dart-io/dart-io-library.html): I/O for non-web apps.

>   * [dart:js_interop](dart-js_interop/dart-js_interop-library.html)
>     and [package:web](https://pub.dev/documentation/web):
>     Web interop features and APIs for accessing JavaScript and browser bindings.
>     

Reviewer: I think it's slightly the other way around, as the APIs in these libraries are bindings to the underlying JS and web APIs. Would something like the following work?

```suggestion
  * [dart:js_interop](dart-js_interop/dart-js_interop-library.html)
    and [package:web](https://pub.dev/documentation/web):
    Web interop features and API bindings for accessing JavaScript and web libraries.

```

Reviewer: For extra context on why I changed "browser" to "web" is because developers might understand "browser" to also mean browser extensions. While those are possible using `dart:js_interop`, that doesn't seem to be the goal of this text :)

Author: Oh that makes sense! Thanks for explaining
